hi this is pressure Locker let's discuss
ultimate Tic Tac Toe and how the first
player always has a winning strategy
ultimate Tic Tac Toe is a game I
described in a previous video you should
watch that video first to understand the
rules in this video we're going to
describe the winning strategy
so X first plays in the center of the
center Square this will force o to play
somewhere in one of the center squares
now wherever a plays X should respond by
taking the center of that square so a
plays the middle right X should respond
by playing the center this will force o
to be in the center again
and wherever o picks X will again
respond by picking the center what X is
doing here is giving up the center
square of the large 3x3 grid but in
return capturing the center squares of
most of the smaller 3x3 grids foros last
move you do not want to play the center
what you want to do is mimic the same
strategy and force o to play in the same
square
wherever Oh had sent you so in this case
Oh should be limited to play in the
middle left now obey play the center
square in this in which case you should
play the opposite square so you were
playing the middle left
you should play on the middle right now
so you can again force o to be back to
the middle left so you continue
capturing not only if you captured the
center of most square of most of these
small 3x3 grids you are now capturing
the middle left at some point you may
not be able to send o back to the middle
left so then you repeat the strategy a
third time you've completed a three in a
row
and now you have the middle right at
this point
o is trapped where ever use wherever Oh
has to play
you can continue to win any of these
squares and get three in a row so one by
one o is going to send you two squares
you can always complete a three in a row
and force o back to the middle right and
eventually a left to capitulate you will
get a three in a row in each of these
squares you'll win these big squares and
therefore you will win the entire game
so if you play the strategy you can
always win please subscribe to my
channel you can support me on patreon
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
on Twitter at pressure Locker and you
can get my books at Amazon